Browser puts on Your system when You visit a website, to store certain information that is not sensitive personal information. The information collected through these cookies is used by Us for the technical administration of the Portal, research and development, and to improve the quality of Our services. 5.2. We may use third party cookies to track visitor behaviour and to improve the quality of Our services. 5.3. These cookies are intended to be automatically cleared or deleted when the User quits the browser application. You are encouraged to use the “clear cookies” functionality of Your browser to ensure such clearing / deletion, since it is impossible for us to guarantee, predict or provide for the behaviour of Your system. 5.4. We assure You, that the information We collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any third parties, other than for internal Portal development and maintenance. 6. How do We protect Your information? 6.1. We have implemented industry standard security policies, practices, procedures, rules and technical measures as required under Section 8 of the SPI Rules, to protect any kind of personal sensitive information that We have under Our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. 6.2. In addition to this, We have, on this Application, made the necessary disclosures to You, in relation to how the automated tools work, and the limitations of their output they generate, as required by law. 7. How long do We store Your information? 7.1. We retain any personal information that You may have provided to Us, for as long as You engaged Our services. 8. What can You do if You don’t like Our Services or Portal? 8.1. If You wish to opt out of receiving non-essential (promotional and/or marketing-related) communications from Us, after setting up an account, they may choose to do so. Further, if You wish to remove all Your contact information from the Application, You can do so by opting out through an option available in the Application. 8.2. You can request for your information collected by us to be immediately deleted from our servers should you deem fit. 9. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 9.1. The Privacy Policy shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the applicable laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles. Courts in Delhi shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to determine any disputes arising in relation to, or under, this Privacy Policy. 10. Grievance Officer Vinod 10.1. If You have any grievances as to the usage of any of Your personal information or any other privacy concerns, You can contact the Grievance Officer whose details are provided herein under, who will redress any such grievance that You might have within a period of 30 (thirty) days: Name: Vinod Talekar E-mail Address: ownertaxi39@gmail.com

We respect your privacy and recognise the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) you share with us.

We would like to assure you that we follow appropriate standards when it comes to protecting your privacy on our web sites.

There are times when we may collect personal information from you such as name, physical address or telephone number. It is our intent to inform you before we do that and to tell you what we intend to do with the information.

Generally, you will have the option not to provide the information, and in the future you will be able to "opt out" of certain uses of the information.

If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit the Ownertaxi. Cab website & App, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.

Ownertaxi.com will not sell, trade or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service (including names and addresses) without the consent of the user or customer (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the user or others).

Ownertaxi.com will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure.

Ownertaxi.com will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. If our privacy policy changes in the future, it will be posted here and a new effective date will be shown.

You should access our privacy policy regularly to ensure you understand our current policies. If you have any query / doubts, kindly feel free to drop & E-mail at ownertaxi39@gmail.com.

Please reference the privacy policy in your subject line. Ownertaxi will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within five business days of receipt.

Thank you for using Ownertaxi.
